      In general my statistical goal was to analyze an IMDb compiled database containing information on over eight thousand different movie titles. More specifically I wanted to look into the question of what kind of characteristic details about movies can help us determine how much gross revenue that movie will generate. Through our EDA we learned that our main dependent variable (“gross”: representing the gross revenue generated by each movie) most likely follows a log-normal distribution.
      Overall, while I was able to investigate my desired dependent variable to a decent extent, I do wish I was able to include more cross-referenced relationship analysis. For example, I wish I was able to dive into different subgroups of the data and investigate relationships in that way. Perhaps diving into different patterns over the years. 
      As far as the variables included, I feel like there were enough and the correct variables present for my analysis. Could other variables help more? Of course. It can always help discover other patterns hidden in the data but I think for my own analysis, I was able to finish what I wanted to finish with the variables provided to me. 
      One large assumption that I made with my data is assuming that the movies chosen were chosen at random. It wasn’t mentioned in the information about the data how the movies were chosen but it’s possible that the movies were not chosen at random completely to represent the entire movie population. My guess is that there was probably some kind of selective process due to the fact that it’s more beneficial to include a wide variety of movies for this analysis. 
      Most of my challenges in general came from my EDA and making sure that my data was clean and the right format. The code I was trying to use most of the time was in working order but the data I was using sometimes was not the correct object type or in the right format so that took a lot of time to decipher but in the end everything was able to fall into place.
